Release 8.17.0 (#212)
elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration: CHANGELOG.md

## 8.17.0

>   - Compatible with stack (Logstash and Elasticsearch) 8.17 versions [#212](https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/212)

Reviewer: Just aligning the changelog entry with https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/210/files#diff-06572a96a58dc510037d5efa622f9bec8519bc1beab13c9f251e97e657a9d4edR2-R3

```suggestion
  - Aligns with stack major and minor versions, no functional changes [#210](https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/210)
  - Compatible with Logstash and Elasticsearch 8.17 versions
```

Reviewer 2: Just aligning the changelog entry with https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/210/files#diff-06572a96a58dc510037d5efa622f9bec8519bc1beab13c9f251e97e657a9d4edR2-R3

```suggestion
  - Aligns with stack major and minor versions, no functional changes [#210](https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/210)
  - Embeds Ingest Node components from Elasticsearch 8.17
  - Compatible with Logstash 8.x
```

Author: The final suggestion changes `Compatible with Logstash 8.x` to `Compatible with Logstash 8.15+`
```suggestion
    - Aligns with stack major and minor versions, no functional changes [#212](https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/212)
  - Embeds Ingest Node components from Elasticsearch 8.17
  - Compatible with Logstash 8.15+
```
